[docs] EAS Builds: add 'Setup' page & more (#9754)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/android-builds.md

}

project.afterEvaluate {

>   /* @info configure the release signing config */android.signingConfigs.release/* @end */ { config ->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /* @info This is where you configure the release signing config */android.signingConfigs.release/* @end */ { config ->
```

>   /* @info This is where you configure the release signing config */android.signingConfigs.release/* @end */ { config ->

Author: ```suggestion
  /* @info This is where we configure the release signing config */android.signingConfigs.release/* @end */ { config ->
```

    def debug = gradle.startParameter.taskNames.any { it.toLowerCase().contains('debug') }

>     /* @info don't read credentials.json if the task name contains debug */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /* @info Don't read credentials.json if the task name contains debug */
```

    if (debug) {
      return
    }
    /* @end */

    def credentialsJson = rootProject.file("../credentials.json");

    if (credentialsJson.exists()) {

>       /* @info don't do anything if the release signing config is already defined in build.gradle */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      /* @info Don't do anything if the release signing config is already defined in build.gradle */
```

      if (config.storeFile) {
        println("Path to release keystore file is already set, ignoring 'credentials.json'")
      }/* @end */ else {
        try {
          def credentials = new groovy.json.JsonSlurper().parse(credentialsJson)

>           /* @info configure the signing config with the credentials.json data */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          /* @info Use the data from credentials.json for the signing config */
```

    }
  }

>   /* @info use the above signing config for the release build type */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /* @info Use the above signing config for the release build type */
```
